h1. Radiant CMS banner management tool extension

TODO
* Need to modify find method to include the specified page for each ad and only pull ads assigned to that page
* Add ability to pass URL from XML into Flash

h2. Features

* Allows you to create Ad Sets in Radiant and randomly display on a page.
* Banner naming
* Assign Ad Set to a page
* Providing a click-through url
* Upload Ad Banners to the Ad Set complete with drag-and-drop order sorting.
* Included is index.rxml to provide an xml feed of all banner data in the database if you need it, or individual banners using image.rxml

h2. Requirements

<p>*Imagemagick*<br />
"http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php":http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php</p>

<p>*Gems/Plugins*<br /> 
Paperclip, "http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master<br />
Rmagick, "http://rmagick.rubyforge.org":http://rmagick.rubyforge.org</p>

h2. How to Install

Place the banner extension in vendor/extensions/
<pre><code>
  git://github.com/scullygroup/radiant-banner.git vendor/extensions/banners
</code></pre>

Run the migration of the Banner extension
<pre><code>
rake radiant:extensions:banners:migrate
rake radiant:extensions:banners:update
</code></pre>

h2. Notes

Be sure to vendor Paperclip in environment.rb
<pre><code>
config.gem 'thoughtbot-paperclip',
           :lib => 'paperclip',
           :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
</code></pre>

<p>By default, the tool picks an Ad Set and their associated Ad Banners at random, based on the page assigned.</p>

<p>There are 2 choices for displaying an Ad Set:  Static Ad Banners, or Ad Banners rotated in a Flash Slideshow.</p>

To insert a static Ad Set on a page, use radius tags like so:
<pre><code>
<r:banners:each [placement="header || sidebar"]>
<r:ads:each>
<r:ad />
</r:ads:each>
</r:banners:each>
</code></pre>

This will randomly pick an assigned Ad Set and display the Ad Banner with it's associated URL.

To insert a Flash Slideshow rotation of the Ad Banners use these radius tags:
<pre><code>
<r:banners:each [placement="header || sidebar"]>
<r:ads:each>
<r:slideshow />
</r:ads:each>
</r:banners:each>
</code></pre>

This will randomly pick an assigned Ad Set and will display _ALL_ the Ad Banners in that set with the associated URL for each.

*NOTE:*<br/>
The placement attribute is required and declares if the banner placed should be a header (wide) banner or a sidebar (skyscraper) banner.

See the tags file <code>banner_tags.rb</code> in the app/models directory to customize.